# Alg-Graphing-Project
Graphing project for algorithm engineering. Includes code, report and output files.

Conflict generators are separated into bimodal, exponential, and power law distributions. the graph coloring pt2 py file will accept the output file generated by any of these generators as shown in the AlgProject.ipynb jupyter notebook. You can interactively generate, see, and input the graphs into the orderer. 

By Matthew Fuller 3/20/2024


Update for Team,

Welcome! 

If you would like to quickly see where we are at with the code, use jupyternotebooks to open the .ipynb file and run the cells. 

i have both parts in this file and the first one will produce specific output file depending on the rule used: power law, exponential, or bimodal. you can then run the second program and input the output file from the previous(naming syntax is important, sorry i haven't had time to do error handling plus its not required) into the file input box and see what kind of calculations you receive. 


Like i said this was just me messing around with the problems not finalizing the answers for real. the document that i started working on the report is also included for your reference! 

by Matthew Fuller 4/4/2024

Update

Hello!
After James great job combining the three distribution into one confilct file, i have removed the unnessecary files that are cluttering up the workspace!

Thanks,
Matthew 4/17/2024


Processor Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-10700 CPU @ 2.90GHz 2.90 GHz Installed RAM 32.0 GB (31.7 GB usable) System type 64-bit operating system, x64-based processor Edition Windows 10 Enterprise Version 22H2


update, sorry this was in the hpc growth repo. 4/29/2024 
